make sure to check out fut coins to go
if you're looking to purchase coins
they're safe and reliable they have an
instant service use discount code
propane at the checkout to get a ten
percent off of all purchases what's
going on guys welcome to a brand new
video today we're going to be doing the
top 10 team of the reactions guys don't
forget to leave a like on today's video
subscribe if you're not already and also
check out every single individual
youtuber in the link below if you like
the look at our content because they're
all good great youtubers and if you've
never heard of them now's the best
chance to get yourself involved anyway
don't forget to leave a like guys thanks
for watching bar in the comment section
below who had the best reaction and I'll
see you next time thanks for watching
please all right third 25k pack I'm bang
oh my god oh my god oh my god we've got
to save the season boys in here oh my
god we got a million oil holy crap oh my
god yes no way oh my god I say the third
point I'd say happy birthday and we got
holy cow how much is he goes for yo yo
he's like he's like 2.3 mil moving on to
back oh I could be Spain oh the world yo
cantando el trabajo speed speed speed
speed I do it was gonna do a legate
gastro up celebrety because we got
gastro fuck cruise we just got Castro
who dude i spent like three thousand
dollars trying to pack you bro who else
do we get oh we got cruise we got cruise
okay that's cool nah I'm just fucking
with you guys man top banter baby I'm be
honest he's 50 k-pax suck hey sup dude I
mean look at this oh my god oh my god no
no no 19 for a TD Maria I'm recording
this right I'm recording I'm recording
oh my holy shit dude that's the best
player that's like three something
million dude look at that oh no no way I
do not believe this dude
the flow don't you know Bobbi Jo chica
oh yeah I saudi maria ramos a hundred
fifty like around 160 k we go oh my god
holy shit oh oh my god Robin oh my god
oh my god oh my god no good you wanna
play I just go Robin oh I just go Robin
oh my god oh oh my god oh my god oh my
god i did get Robin he dumb
oh no oh somebody is funny like scum
this